*****Frosticia*****

This is the quest of the Snowflake of Snoefaasia.

Here we learn that the snowmen and icelords are at odds. Both stem fromt
he same creator, Lord Manteekan.

A. Greet Frostono. [Area 10456] Procede to kill all the ice lords,
ladies, boys and girls but not Count Coldmore. Give them to Frostono who
will get seeds from them.
B. Take the seeds to the center of the garden [22318]. When enough seeds
have been dropped there, a tree will spring forth.

C. Probe the snow in various locations and find the items to mend the
distillary. Needed: pipe, bolt, spigot, tube and spring
When you have found these, put them into the distillary. [22366]

D. Pack snowballs, about twenty of them and put them into the tree. The
tree will drop snowfruits. Put the icefruits into the distillary and
collect the bottles of ice wine.

E. Give the wine to each snowperson and ice person. You may need to wait
for the ice people to return. When you have given the wine to as many as
you can, one of the icepeople will give you a certificate.

F. Take the certificate to the most NW area [22274] and drop it there.
This will form the terminus.

G. Greet coldmore, kill all the snowpeople except Frostano and take them
to Count Coldmore who will give you wands from the snowpeople.

H. Put the wands into the terminus until the area opens up.

I. Kill all the wyrms and get the shards they drop. Put the shards
inside of the instrumentality which is a hole where Frostano and
Coldmore will be. This will start an ice crystal structure called the
Snowfaasia. But wait, you are not done!

J. Influence all the snow and ice people with weakening. They will
surrender their babies to you; one of ice and one of snow. Look sharp,
they drop them.
K. Collect the babies and put them into the hole which will complete the
snowfaasia. You will get a seed.

L. Give the seed to a Seren or Wyrd druid. They can plant this and you
will see a unique orchid and Snowfaasia plant.

The end.
